welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to watch a
film that i discovered is not about a
saint bernard doll going berserk
not in the slightest in the 2018
avant-garde film
st bernard to assuage your confusion
latch onto the channel for guidance
let's get to it we open on a man
in tails running and cautiously sneaking
as he clutches his satchel
and catches his breath he caresses this
special package as he thinks back to
when life was uncomplicated and pure
when he used to just be a simple ginger
maestro genius hearing symphonies of
great beauty and the noises all around
him this cuts to some men crafting with
wood and light and we come to see
they're making a conductor's wand of a
measurable power
which bernard waves to conduct a
symphony of insanity inside the
patchwork edifice of his mind
these are delusions of grandeur as we
see he's mostly being taught the
superficial mimesis of a conductor's
duties by his very strange
uncle ed ready to receive the success
that is his birthright bernard goes out
to take the world by the tail and finds
it full of free
hardcore drugs the avoidance of which is
a delicate balancing act with only one
certain conclusion
this leads him along an odd path until
he eventually books some gigs
but the audience is baffled and he
receives some harsh criticism which
drives him out of the theater to his car
his choices prove fortuitous as he comes
across the head of a saint bernard on
the highway and he stares at it lovingly
until he finds a sweet burlap sack for
easy handling
bernard then finds a prosperity preacher
who wants his tithe
but he only has his saint which the holy
man desires as he desires all driving
bernard out into the city where he's
swarmed by pedestrians who peel off his
outer layer until he is
once again naked he runs through various
corridors and hallways into bustling
markets
finding himself picking up debris along
the way soon he's so encumbered by the
things that have attached to him that he
can't move and he remains stuck beneath
the anus of the eiffel tower until a
french lumberjack arrives to release him
from his splintery prison
when he runs off he brings us back to
the opening scene so now we know exactly
what's going on
he eventually finds himself the police
compound where everything is controlled
by a series of switches
so naturally he begins climbing he
arrives at the welcome hatch where he
requests assistance and is welcomed in
after making his way through the bottles
he takes the audience with the chief
he pays his dues and proclaims he needs
help because someone is following him
but he is eventually forgotten by the
precinct employees
free to roam about he ends up following
a wood nymph into an alley outside
which is problematic because she seeks
intimacy under threat of violence
as she has deemed herself lady roadkill
we find she's enamored with his totem
and she
screws him into a stupor allowing her to
abscond with his most
precious commodity but he wakes up
quickly and they have a brief standoff
before he gets an assist from some hair
skeletons who knock her down and cause
her to lose
her legs to a legless driver the driver
proves to be unsympathetic to her plight
but that's okay
she is as her children now so she drags
herself away
satisfied with the outcome bernard
wanders off from here finding himself in
a valley following the sound of a baby
but the stroller he comes upon is empty
save for a mid-sized exploding capsule
of blood the nanny continues on
unperturbed so bernard leaves the
overpass heading from there to the
firewood shop
here he finds the keeper of the wood
tending to his log he asks the most
important of
existential questions what did you want
to be
before they each make an offering
unimpressed the keeper instead gives
bernard some time before sending him
along he gets to the end of the road
where he's confronted with a choice
this leads him to a hall of memories we
presume only exists in his twisted
confused mind because his mentor appears
unaged bernard seeks comfort from the
confusion but uncle ed is only able to
add to its depth ed dances around
bernard
aggravating him until he smashes the
music out of his face
this then escalates into some tetsuo the
iron man style action as ed then begins
a transformation into something
beautiful when he's finished finding his
purpose they square off and bernard is
thrashed
soundly and eventually dumped into the
water outside where he's left to sink
into the cold dark depths of his adult
psychotic mind
reminder that i have a humble website
where you can make donations to support
the channel
any donation earns you a link to an
uncensored review of toby hooper's life
force i also have some general horror
movie themed merchandise you may enjoy
i've been recognizing people who make
generous contributions at the end of my
videos but there's a significant lag
time there so moving forward i'm going
to use a standardized ending that way i
can include everyone at the same time
and i can update it quickly on whatever
video happens to be next
for now it will be deemed the hall of
head shots because that matches up with
some footage i already have put together
but maybe subject to change at a future
date
[Music]
saint bernard was an interesting view of
a man's tenuous connection to reality
it made me think a bit of clean shaven
but with more of a lean toward horror in
terms of that comparison it would have
been nice to see anything from the real
world that would cast some doubts as to
what was real or delusional which may
have given some context as to what some
of the hallucinations might mean
the director of gabe bartholos did do a
great job in keeping the individual
pieces connected
as we journeyed through if you enjoyed
the video i'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching